Variable
Most of the time in programming we need to work with information that changes. like- player's score in a game,
everytime we enter different values in calculator for operation.
So a programmer needs a way of keeping track of all this infrormation. we store the information that changes
in something, which is called as variable.

you can consider a variable as container. we can store information inside the container and can use it in our program 
or manupulate it when required.

In our previous example, we took name as input from the user and stored it in a variable called myName. then we accessed the
value stored in myName variable to display it on the screen.


ok. now let us see how to declare a variable.
we use a keyword then a variable name and finish it with a semicolon to declare a variable.

ok ok I know that's a big sentence to digest. let us break it and understand part by part.

-> A keyword is something whose meaning is already fixed in the JS engine. if we write the keyword,
JS engine will automatically understand what to do.

to declare a variable we use var, let or const as keyword.
when JS engine detects var,let or const keyword it creates a space in memory. you can consider as creating a container
then the variable name provide a label to the container.

consider the example-
var score;

var is creating the container and the container is labelled as score

once the creation of the container and labeling is done, we can store any value in the container.

for assigning a value we simply write the name of the variable assign value to it using assignment operator.
Here equal sign is the assignment operator.

In the example score is assigned value 10;
So the value 10 goes inside the container and gets stored.
Again, when we re assign value 20 to the score variable the previous value, i,e 10 gets overriden by 20;
now the container holds value 20;

we can check value inside the container by just its name.


So much of theory. right?
let's check what ever we have learnt in our console.

*open VS code
declare a variable;
var score;

score = 10;

console.log(score);




